Well, this program here is part of- is a program that
shows an e-mail directory for the Just Java Coffee shop.
And employees of the Just Java coffee shop,
all have email addresses that are their last name,
and then a period, their first name @justjava.com.
Now, what the program should be printing is the employee's name
followed by their email address in this format. Let's see if it does that.
Okay. So, the first line here is making a variable called
first name and setting its value Lyla. All right.
Good. And then the next line has a variable called last name,
which is creating and it's setting that to Fujiwara.
Okay. And now we're creating a variable called contact
info and setting it to something a little bit more complicated.
Let me just make the variable right now.
Okay. So, we're setting it equal to the concatenation of the value in
first name plus a space plus the value in last name.
So, our first name is Lyla,
last name is Fujiwara.
And this is going to be Lyla space Fujiwara.
Okay. It looks pretty good.
Now, for this next statement,
I want to just say that these two bits are actually all one line.
So, we're taking contact info,
which you've already declared and we're setting its value equal to this.
So, let's figure out what this is.
Well, last name is Fujiwara,
the value first name is still Lyla.
Okay. So, what this is doing is erasing what was in contact
info before and now setting it equal to,
opening bracket, concatenated with Fujiwara,
concatenated with a period,
concatenated with Lyla, concatenated with @justjava.com and then a closing bracket.
So, this is the current value of contact info.
And on this next line here,
we display contact info.
Meaning that we're going to display this here.
But this string right here is not the same as this string right here.
In fact, it's only part of this string, this part.
We're missing the Lyla Fujiwara.
Now, before we change this string,
it was storing Lyla Fujiwara.
But we sort of overrode it in
this line here when we said it equal to a completely different value.
What we really want is the concatenation of these two.
So, if you wanted to fix this program you could add right here,
contact info plus and then all of this.
That would have taken the current value of
contact info Lyla Fujiwara and concatenated it with the email address in this format.
One other short note,
I am making an assumption that for our email addresses are @justjava.com,
it doesn't matter if this is a capital or lower case F,
or this is a capital or lower case L. For
many email services that consumers use, this is true.
For example, for Gmail this is true.
You could leave this as lowercase or uppercase and it will still reach the same person.
But if you were worried about the difference here,
that's definitely a good catch.
As I said and I'll say it again,
case really does matter a lot of the time
when we're talking about anything to do with computers.